SemanticUI-less blocks widget (ObjectListWidget) + Improve and reorder documentation using diataxis. (#486)
kitconcept/volto-light-theme: docs/how-to-guides/contributing.md

# Contributing

This add-on is developed in isolation, using a Cookieplone based setup, the latest `mrs-developer`, and other Volto core improvements.

> For this reason, it only works with pnpm and Volto 18, but it does not mean that the add-on will only work in 18.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For this reason, developing volto-light-theme requires pnpm and Volto 18, but it does not mean that the add-on will only work in 18.
```

(Uh, I think it does require Volto 18 though?)
